# Restaurant database using mySQL workbench 
### Entity Restaurant

Opening hours are a complex feature consisting of opening_time and closing_time and address is also a complex feature consisting of street name, street number and city.

### Employee entity

The field corresponding to the employee's roles has a datatype SET() which includes the roles 'Manager', 'Chef', 'Cook', 'Cook Assistant', 'PR', 'Waiter', 'Cashier', 'Courier' , 'Accountant'. The Employee entity has a retrospective correlation to implement the employee-manager relationship. In case the role of Employee corresponds to an employee, the attributes Employee_employee_id and Employee_Restaurant_restaurant_id correspond to the id of the manager of the specific employee and to the restaurant of the manager respectively.

### Monthly Schedule Entity

The payment_method attribute has a datatype SET () which includes the Cash and Credit Card options. The Employee_employee_id and Employee_Restaurant_restaurant_id primary keys generated by the Employee-Monthly Schedule represent the staff responsible for submitting the restaurant's schedule.

### Supplier and Raw Materials entities

Since many different suppliers can supply different raw materials (Raw Materials entity instances), an n-> m correlation is implemented.
From this comes the table with the attributes Supplier_supplier_id and Raw Materials_materials_id. Likewise many different restaurants can be contracted with many different suppliers resulting in the table with Restaurant_restaurant_id and Supplier_supplier_id.

### Supplier Payment and Orders entities

A restaurant can have multiple orders as well as multiple payments to them. From these 2 correlations 1-> n emerge the primary keys Restaurant_restaurant_id. As supplier payments are the sole responsibility of the restaurant, there is no reason for a correlation between the supplier payment and supplier entities. However, the supplier must be aware of the orders that have been given to him, so there is a 1-> n correlation with Supplier_supplier_id as the primary key. A 1-to-many correlation with the raw materials is required to order from the supplier (Orders_order_id, Orders_Restaurant_restaurant_id, Orders_Supplier_supplier_id are obtained). We also need to know the quantity of this raw material with the feature raw_materials_amount.

### Dish entity

A dish is made up of different raw materials, so there is a 1-to-many correlation between the Raw Materials entity and the Dish_name attribute. Similarly a restaurant has multiple dishes (1-to-many correlation with Restaurant restaurant id).

### Customer and Rating entities

The payment_method attribute has a datatype SET () which includes the Cash and Credit Card options. Once customer orders are recorded for each customer we create a 1->n Employee-Customer relationship (with Employee_employee_id and Employee_Restaurant_restaurant_id). The information about which acquaintance or friend suggested to visit one of the chain restaurants is represented by the Customer retrospective correlation (Customer_customer_id), as the person who suggested the restaurant to the customer is the same customer (customer entity). The rating has 2 correlations 1 with the customer and one with the restaurant. The customer-rating correlation is 1-> n (Customer_customer_id) because a customer can make more than one rating. The 2nd restaurant-rating correlation is 1-> n (Restaurant_restaurant_id) and exists to record the information about the restaurant with the most visits per day. The restaurant to have a positive / negative rating needs an additional feature (positive_negative with datatype SET ( )).

### Sanitary Test Entity

The entity is associated with the restaurant (restaurant-Sanitary Test 1-> n with the primary key being Restaurant_restaurant_id) since multiple health checks can be performed in a restaurant.
